if you could suddenly pack your bags and
book a flight and go anywhere how would
you choose where you go would you look
up best vacation spots on Google ask a
friend maybe or figure out where the
best hotels are and stay by the pool all
week
see to us that all sounds a little too
comfortable because traveling if then in
a real and raw way can help break
stereotypes and make you realize just
how similar we all are around the world
so in order to truly discover a new
place and see where an adventure in an
unknown destination could take us Matt
and I decided to throw a dart at a map
of the US and spend our next 24 hours
wherever it lands on top of that to push
ourselves to meet locals wherever we
land a mark created a list of ten
challenges for us to choose two from at
random and accomplished time to see
where we're going all right when I flip
a coin to see who heads or relax
the fate of Thomas bragging about the
hair lie in these hands you see anything
nope just darkness right keep your eyes
closed my son you're this that way
really - go pick something warm
please doesn't look freezing I can't
pick three - oh my god and Joseph
Missouri it's a desert are you saying
desert Missouri
what is it sounds like it's somewhere in
Italy now Zoe daddy what are we gonna do
in st. Joseph Missouri no all right
we're gonna ticket disease tomorrow at
1:00 p.m. we land at 6:20 p.m. in Kansas
City we have to take a car drive an hour
to st. Joseph guess we're going to
fricking Missouri
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you of course inches an hour an
hour longer yeah all right well then
Road montage
[Music]
what's happening we took this car
service where you rent people's cars and
the lady invited us to Bible talk I
think we should go but Tom's is afraid
this is the whole point we're supposed
to experience what it's like to be out
here what better way you just talk about
the Bible didn't think you'd be doing
this did you know Bible talk in Missouri
whoever thought that is how our
experience here would start it's amazing
I was you see a little bit what's going
on
no I'm yeah let's let's go to Bible time
I've never been this deep into America
and play entire life like that yeah this
is weird she said in this part of town a
lot of people like to shoot guns and
drive pickup trucks I'll fit right in
stop to pick up some dessert for joining
the Bible talk got some cake tips
happens when you say yes guys seriously
this is the yes theory in action what's
happening I've been scouted to join a
relay race already
I got one of the toughest contenders in
the game
ready to go
wouldn't work that's how beautiful yeah
every pop thank you for bringing us here
today I'll just show you Thomas and open
up the heart of mine see you Father god
this is what you are all about through
our actions through our love father God
Jesus name we say alright dinner is
served
I've got a full plate you know alright
captain that off here we're gonna have
s'mores at this fire it's been a good
good start to stay in Missouri he had
one chance to save mankind was
successful right they ignored all the
people who said their fool to make a
boat in the desert opportunity they're
expecting us all like white people and
it was a very diverse group during the
right mindset I think is just kind of
work out venture all right lane Joseph
here we come
[Music]
school then to st. Joseph's is there a
town at all or right now it's looking
like it's strictly hotels and a bank and
a restaurant for the next two days if we
pull it over hat do we know what our
fate is tomorrow Thomas time has come
here with no idea what to say we have to
accomplish two of them within the day
tomorrow okay you plant one don't ya oh
my god throw a bar party and bring
together at least ten strangers how do
we find 10 strangers is there even a
city here right so much fun one closer
to your crotch get on the local radio or
TV station you go on the local radio and
you tell people when we're throwing a
party hopefully more than 10 strangers
so we have to start from literally 9:00
a.m. just don't stop gonna be an
action-packed day tomorrow st. Joseph
you have no idea what's coming
alright it is currently and 17 in the
morning we're about to start the task
let's do a radio TV station first we
want to be on the radio line almost
every single radio station in st. Joseph
is religious Christian country radio
stations look closed on Saturdays thanks
mr for the great challenge hi who's this
ah yes my name is Matt this is a very
very strange request my friend and I are
travelling here from Los Angeles we've
thrown a dart on a map and we had to go
wherever land and our friend challenges
just to be able to get on a radio
station yeah we would love to attend and
just talk to you about what you do that
would be amazing I don't know if you if
that's possible but yep
if possible yes I need time today even
for like literally 10 seconds I mean
ideally more if possible but okay
amazing my Spanish is okay so I'll just
have to talk a little slower I think we
just landed on a religious Spanish radio
station in Missouri this is not what I
thought I did you know this weekend I
challenge you to same maturity on radio
estamos dude that's the address this
that's the address literally in the
middle of no TV and radio at the same
time DIY radio station is from Puerto
Rico's been here for four years
apparently there's a huge Puerto Rican
community in Kansas and Missouri it's
like Spanish yeah all right let's do it
almost for a video I hope I can keep up
the distributors to Puerto Rico or
Salvador it's not just Missouri in
unison you never discover a place like
this if you didn't try it like a little
house like this you never think there's
a freaking radius this is an amazing
Porto Rican radio interview here what I
love about what we do deliveries if you
ever in a small town we challenge you to
try to get on the radio as well if they
ask you why just say yes Theory sent you
[Applause]
whoa
Oh enemy Sora Oh Millie pero con mucha
Karina
let's see a lot more as much I came here
reserved my friend Thomas and we had no
idea how we were going to get on a radio
or TV station once you actually believe
that you can you actually put in the
effort and that's how it actually
happened so and then you end up on the
Spanish radio station and it's alright
good yeah thanks Radio check number on
the cuff it was tiring speaking Spanish
for like an hour I was like I can be on
for five minutes in the gas tank let's
do an interview ten mouths on we're like
let's find some strangers and let's find
a bar
doesn't seem to be to pop it is like
going back in time
not much anyway everything is abandoned
asking strangers is a little more
complicated here it seems like there are
no stranger this is the first time where
the challenge isn't convincing people
but finding people's there is bunch of
universities here Missouri Western State
University so we're going to drive to
that campus and see if we can find
people our age around
the campus looks empty is there anybody
in this town where have the people come
on why
apparently this street with a bunch of
bars let's see if we get lucky with any
like early happy hour boys I mean boys
and girls good old happy hour boys god
dammit don't edit that [ __ ] even the
mall this mall is empty yo you nervous
at first but everybody's so kind
and the second you tell them you threw a
dart on a map linden seniors they're
like oh my god alright the Sun is
setting we have managed to speak to a
total of five strangers RA that are down
to do something not attend yet so we're
gonna try tonight to put together ten
people that I've just never met maybe in
a dance circle maybe in a karaoke we're
gonna head up Peter Caden and then see
where the night takes us begin let the
night begin
but we're sailor - hey we're gonna find
[Music]
so my challenge for tonight was to meet
ten strangers that have never met before
and become friends with ten strangers
from here at number six so I need seven
eight nine ten
[Music]